feat: Allow private/public key to be override when signing/verifying (#410)
nestjs/jwt: README.md

#### jwtService.sign(payload: string | Object | Buffer, options?: JwtSignOptions): string

> The sign method is an implementation of jsonwebtoken `.sign()`. Differing from jsonwebtoken it also allows an additional `secret, privateKey, publicKey` property on `options` to override the secret passed in from the module. It only overrides the `secret`, `publicKey` or `privateKey` though not a `secretOrKeyProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sign method is an implementation of jsonwebtoken `.sign()`. Differing from jsonwebtoken it also allows an additional `secret`, `privateKey`, and `publicKey` properties on `options` to override options passed in from the module. It only overrides the `secret`, `publicKey` or `privateKey` though not a `secretOrKeyProvider`.
```

#### jwtService.signAsync(payload: string | Object | Buffer, options?: JwtSignOptions): Promise\<string\>

The asynchronous `.sign()` method.

#### jwtService.verify\<T extends object = any>(token: string, options?: JwtVerifyOptions): T

> The verify method is an implementation of jsonwebtoken `.verify()`. Differing from jsonwebtoken it also allows an additional `secret, privateKey, publicKey` property on `options` to override the secret passed in from the module. It only overrides the `secret`, `publicKey` or `privateKey` though not a `secretOrKeyProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The verify method is an implementation of jsonwebtoken `.verify()`. Differing from jsonwebtoken it also allows an additional `secret`, `privateKey`, and `publicKey` properties on `options` to override options passed in from the module. It only overrides the `secret`, `publicKey` or `privateKey` though not a `secretOrKeyProvider`.
```
